Start reworking Airbyte CI README: remove legacy connector_ops pieces (#36239)
airbytehq/airbyte: airbyte-ci/README.md

This folder is a collection of systems, tools and scripts that are used to run Airbyte's CI/CD

> The installation instructions for the `airbyte-ci` CLI tool cal be found here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation instructions for the `airbyte-ci` CLI tool can be found here
```

[airbyte-ci/connectors/pipelines](connectors/pipelines/README.md)

## Tools

| Directory                                     | Description                                                        |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [`base_images`](connectors/base_images)       | A set of tools to build and publish Airbyte base connector images. |
| [`ci_credentials`](connectors/ci_credentials) | A CLI tool to fetch connector secrets from GCP Secrets Manager.    |

> | [`connector_ops`](connectors/connector_ops)   | A set of tools to verify connectors in CI.                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`connector_ops`](connectors/connector_ops)   | A python package with utils reused in internal packages.                         |
```
